README.markdown, before:

HERMES
======

Hermes is an experimental game engine leveraging Java's object-oriented systems and the simplicity of Processing to provide an architecture for rapid sketching and prototyping of games and simulations.

[Hermes.zip](https://rdlester.github.io/hermes/downloads/hermes.zip) contains a completely built version of the library with examples and documentation. To install, drag the unzipped folder into the 'libraries' folder in your Processing sketchbook.

Getting Started
---------------

See the [Tutorial](https://github.com/rdlester/hermes/wiki/An-Introduction-to-Hermes) for an introduction to making games with Hermes. See [the javadocs](https://rdlester.github.io/hermes/doc) for full code and API documentation.

Source
------

The full source code of the library is in the hermes/ folder; unit tests are in hermesTest/. The library itself is in the package `hermes`, and testing code is in `hermesTest`. In the pre-built download, source is included in the src/ folder. See [the wiki](https://github.com/rdlester/hermes/wiki/Building-from-Source) for details on building the library from source.

License
-------

Hermes is available under the MIT license. See 'LICENSE' for full details.

Commit message:

Add Processing version notes to README

README.markdown, after:

# HERMES

Hermes is an experimental game engine leveraging Java's object-oriented systems and the simplicity of Processing to provide an architecture for rapid sketching and prototyping of games and simulations.

## Install

### For Processing 2:
[Hermes.zip](https://rdlester.github.io/hermes/downloads/hermes.zip) contains a completely built version of the library with examples and documentation. To install, drag the unzipped folder into the 'libraries' folder in your Processing sketchbook.

### For Processing 3:
A beta release of Hermes supporting Processing 3 is [available here](https://github.com/rdlester/hermes/releases/download/v3.0beta/hermes-3.0.zip), but please check [the release page for caveats](https://github.com/rdlester/hermes/releases/tag/v3.0beta).

## Getting Started

See the [Tutorial](https://github.com/rdlester/hermes/wiki/An-Introduction-to-Hermes) for an introduction to making games with Hermes. See [the javadocs](https://rdlester.github.io/hermes/doc) for full code and API documentation.

## Source

The full source code of the library is in the hermes/ folder; unit tests are in hermesTest/. The library itself is in the package `hermes`, and testing code is in `hermesTest`. In the pre-built download, source is included in the src/ folder. See [the wiki](https://github.com/rdlester/hermes/wiki/Building-from-Source) for details on building the library from source.

## License

Hermes is available under the MIT license. See 'LICENSE' for full details.
